I'm joined on the phone now by safwat Al
calut he's in Gaza and safwat as we
speak to you we can see great clouds of
gray smoke billowing into the sky uh
above Gaza what are you seeing what are
you
hearing well in the last hour uh the
scent of the fire of the artillery is
less than uh the the one that was in the
early morning uh we learned that Israeli
tanks enter try to storm or enter alun
neighborhood which is and the West uh
West well north of or South sorry in the
south of Gaza City have been
repositioning uh in the the Eastern side
of the borders uh or near the border
between Gaza and and Israel this is in
terms of uh the the L or the the last
night or yesterday Israeli attempt to
storm Gaza City itself from the Eastern
side east uh south southern Asia now
there are two other locations that the
Israeli tanks are trying to storm or to
uh enter the inside more uh more more
more hundreds of meters which is in the
northwest of the the north of the Gaza
Strip and the northeast of Gaza Strip B
and Bia until now clashes are taking
place between the fighting groups
specifically Kasam Bri military wing of
Hamas and the Islamic Jihad
fighters in this in these two two places
in east or in uh south of Gaza City we
uh we the clashes are less than
yesterday And since the Israeli tanks
withdrew for few hundred meters back to
the Eastern side of the borders with
Gaza the main road which is Salah street
is not safe although the tanks withdrew
from that area but still the the main
road Salah is unsafe and people try to
uh to displace or to move from Gaza City
towards the South through the coastal
line the only remaining road to for the
population of Gaza City and the north to
move to the South but still people say
that the uh some of the people who try
to move the uh the Israeli T they fired
their shells at the people so uh they uh
they return back to Gaza and still
looking for a safer place or a safer way
to to move from Gaza City towards the
South all right safat we'll leave it
there for the moment thanks very much
indeed safat alut in Gaza